
                          Current list of things to do.

Most of the below should be implemented in the next version due out in
August/September.


1. Recode CPU module.
        Speed it up!
        Reduce/eliminate penalty for big endian machines.
        Possibly including lazy flag evaluation, although initial
            indications are that it is actually slower than
            calculating the flags after each instruction.

2. Finish BIOS
        Exactly how much of the BIOS remains to do is open to question
            - it seems a little pointless wasting time writing code
            for BIOS functions that no program ever uses The VGA BIOS will be
            extended/rewritten to allow for graphics modes when they
            are implemented.
    
3. Printer support
        Dunno quite what to do about this - could dump all printer
            output to a file I suppose.

4. VGA support
        Initially the CGA 640x200x2 320x200x4 and MCGA 320x200x256,
            but eventually all VGA modes should be supported (albeit slowly :)
        Support for different character sets...
        Chip level access should eventually be possible (kind of vital
            for the graphics modes). Dunno about some of the more
            esoteric CRTC options though....

5. Rewrite mfs.c
        mfs.c needs a complete rewrite/redesign as it has bugs in it
            and generates loads of warnings when compiling with the
            -Wall flag...

6. Chip level emulations...
        The timer chip should be properly emulated so that accuracy is
            not lost (irrespect of the resolution of the Unix system timer)

7. Sound support
        Should be possible to get the PC sound emulated OK (dunno
            about the sound cards though)

8. Idle time detector
        The emulator should try to detect when programs running under
            it are idle and consequently reduce the system load by
            going to sleep for a bit

9. Improved user interface
        Configuration files for boot drive, keyboard mappings etc
        Rewrite the X window module to allow for cutting/pasting etc
        Use Imake


This list is not complete! - anything in particular you would like to
see, then please mail me

David

